feat: file uploads (#234)
vikejs/telefunc: docs/pages/file-upload/+Page.mdx

## Reading methods

Each file argument is a standard [`File`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/File) / [`Blob`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Blob) object:

| Method | Memory | Use case |
|---|---|---|
| `file.stream()` | **O(chunk)** — constant | Pipe to disk, S3, etc. |
| `file.arrayBuffer()` | **O(file size)** — full buffer | Process in memory |
| `file.text()` | **O(file size)** — full buffer | Read text content |

## Limitations

**One-shot reads.** Each file can only be read once. Calling `.stream()`, `.text()`, or `.arrayBuffer()` a second time throws an error. If you need the data multiple times, buffer it into a variable first.

**Read in order.** When a telefunction has multiple file arguments, they must be read in the order they appear in the function signature. This is because all files share a single forward-only HTTP stream — reading file2 before file1 causes file1 to be discarded (with a warning).

**No `slice()`.** `file.slice()` is not supported on streaming files. Buffer the content first if you need slicing.

> **Sequential streaming.** Multiple files are streamed one after another. You can start both streams concurrently and they will be automatically serialized.

Author: You can do:

```ts
await file1.text()
await file2.text()

or

file1.text()
file2.text()

or

await Promise.all([
file1.stream().pipeTo(..)
file2.stream().pipeTo(..)
])
```

But you cannot do:
```ts
await file2.text()
await file1.text()

or

file2.text()
file1.text()

or

await Promise.all([
file2.stream().pipeTo(..)
file1.stream().pipeTo(..)
])
```

By concurrently I meant not awaiting - you can omit await, but the subsequent file reads will still wait for the previous files to complete.

1. The client serializes the telefunction call into a `multipart/form-data` request. File/Blob arguments are replaced with placeholder descriptors and sent as separate binary parts.
2. On the server, Telefunc parses the metadata first, then creates lazy `File`/`Blob` objects that **reference the HTTP body stream** without reading it yet.
3. When your telefunction calls `file.stream()`, `file.text()`, or `file.arrayBuffer()`, the bytes are pulled directly from the HTTP stream on demand.

This means file bytes only flow through memory **when you read them** — and if you stream to disk, constant memory is used regardless of file size.

## Reading strategies

Each file argument is a standard [`File`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/File) / [`Blob`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Blob) object:

| Method | Memory | Use case |
|---|---|---|
| `file.stream()` | **O(chunk)** — constant | Pipe to disk, S3, etc. |
| `file.arrayBuffer()` | **O(file size)** — full buffer | Process in memory |
| `file.text()` | **O(file size)** — full buffer | Read text content |

## Limitations

> > Nothing is buffered internally — file bytes flow directly from the HTTP stream to your code. If you don't read a file argument, its bytes never leave the sender. This zero-buffering design comes with a few inherent trade-offs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For best performance and efficiency, nothing is buffered internally — file bytes flow directly from the HTTP stream to your code. If you don't read a file argument, the file bytes never leave the sender (the user's browser). This zero-buffering design comes with following inherent limitations.
```
